hey guys I'm Eddie Redmayne and I play
nerds commander I'm Jude Law and I play
Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore
under Snape are you ready for all the
magic the adventure the twists the turns
are fantastic beats the grams of
Grindelwald this Wizarding World that JK
Rowling's created is so rich and vast
from Harry Potter to fantastic beasts
there are so many connections between
characters and storylines past and
present and so many secrets yet to be
revealed so in this movie we are
exploring the rise of the first Dark
Lord Geller to Kindle valve today we're
going to remind you how the film
connects to the Potter story we all know
so well and we love so sit back and
enjoy the magic mysterious thing time
once there was a young man like you
Safin is very hot
this causes Clara dog
they seem to all the world a student
like any us there's any matter of time
before we made the connection I see that
you like so many before you have
discovered them there Avera said it
shows us the most desperate desires of
our hearts
hairy men have wasted away in front of
it
[Music]
this symbol or is it is the sign of the
deathly hallows together they make one
master of death
I want you to have this credence I would
trust very few with it
who is this man Gellert Grindelwald
you whose closest brothers we were
closer than brothers
printed off
can't be where it is
my fellow wizards
the moment has come
to share my vision of the future
I got another guy's crinkles off it has
to be
[Music]
represents the greatest
of course Albus Dumbledore
[Music]
me
fantastic beasts the cons of the wall
rated pg-13 experienced it in IMAX
[Music]